Update and extend documentation (#712)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/dev/contribute.rst

    git commit -m "A short description about what changed"
    git push

Making a pull request
=====================

> While you are working, its helpful to start a pull request (PR) targeting the :code:`master` branch of :code:`pymeasure/pymeasure`. This will allow you to discuss your feature with other contributors. We encourage you to start this pull-request after your first commit.

Reviewer: Should we mention the possibilities of a draft (besides to typos in this section)?
```suggestion
While you are working, it is helpful to start a pull request (PR) targeting the :code:`master` branch of :code:`pymeasure/pymeasure`. This will allow you to discuss your feature with other contributors. We encourage you to start this pull request already after your first commit.
You may mark a pull request as a draft, if it is in an early state.
```
